Dear X,

  I really hope you heard about what happened with Farhan Towhid in Allen, Texas the other day.
That could be me. I could hit that low. I could lose my mind in the same way they did. And 
you are part of the reason. When I went to switch to my new antidepressant, why did the 
pharmacy want $400 for 30 days worth of medicine. Why is my parent’s deductible $10,000.
Why haven’t any of you gotten off of your ass and done anything about any of this. 
  I have had nightmares whenever I dream for the past year or so. Levels of stress which 
drive me insane that I forget by the time I wake up. I’ve been dealing with depression 
for 5 god damn years and I am yet to get to where I need to be. Yes I am better, but I 
am still nowhere near good, not even good enough. Do you know what it is like to get inches
away from committing suicide? Do you know the gut wrenching feeling I used to get going 
to school every day? Do you know how pathetic I feel? 
  None of it was caused by anything. No event put this in place. No abusive parent gave me 
this. No near-death experience pushed this onto me. No bully put me in this hole. There is 
nothing for me to get over. It is all chemicals. Chemicals in my head that change my mood 
that I have absolutely no control over. Chemicals which can possibly be corrected by a 
medicine that I am yet to find. Therapy has done very little. You have done very little, 
for me, and for others. I am stuck being the victim of my own body, my emotions know no 
reason and they can’t be reasoned with. They don’t listen. Sometimes it feels like no one 
listens. Do you know what it is like to have an issue you can’t put into words? Do you 
know what it is like to try everything you can think of to solve an issue and come up with 
jack shit? 
  I am not writing this for recognition. I am not even writing this for you to do anything.
I am writing this so that you stay awake at night sitting on this, dwelling over it, knowing
that you can do something about it and you aren’t. I want you to feel the same guilt that 
I feel unnecessarily no matter how much I beg myself to stop. I am not signing my name 
because I don’t want to give you the chance to thank me. I don’t want you to have the chance
to help me. You don’t deserve it. I want you to live the rest of your life knowing that I
could very well be dead because you never did anything. So I suggest that you do your fucking job.

 - A tortured soul
